Usage: notebooklm login [OPTIONS]

  Log in to NotebookLM via browser.

  Opens a browser window for Google login. Authentication is saved
  automatically once login is detected (no terminal interaction needed).

  Use --browser chrome if the bundled Chromium crashes (e.g. macOS 15+). Use
  --browser msedge if your organization requires Microsoft Edge for SSO.

  Note: Cannot be used when the env-var auth fast path is active (use file-
  based auth or unset the env var first).

Options:
  --storage PATH                  Where to save storage_state.json (default:
                                  profile-specific location)
  --browser [chromium|msedge|chrome]
                                  Browser to use for login (default:
                                  chromium). Use 'chrome' for system Google
                                  Chrome (workaround when bundled Chromium
                                  crashes, e.g. macOS 15+), 'msedge' for
                                  Microsoft Edge.
  --browser-cookies TEXT          Read cookies from an installed browser
                                  instead of launching Playwright. Optionally
                                  specify browser: chrome, firefox, brave,
                                  edge, safari, arc, ... For Chromium-family
                                  profiles, target one with
                                  'chrome::<profile>' (e.g. 'chrome::Profile
                                  1' or 'brave::Work'). For Firefox Multi-
                                  Account Containers, target a specific
                                  container with 'firefox::<container-name>'
                                  (or 'firefox::none' for the default).
                                  Requires: pip install 'notebooklm-
                                  py[cookies]'
  --account TEXT                  Pick a signed-in Google account by email
                                  when several are present in the browser.
                                  Only valid with --browser-cookies.
  --all-accounts                  Extract every Google account signed in to
                                  the browser into its own profile (auto-named
                                  from each account's email). Only valid with
                                  --browser-cookies.
  --update                        With --all-accounts: when an account's
                                  natural profile name (e.g. 'alice' for
                                  alice@example.com) already exists but has no
                                  account metadata, update that profile in
                                  place instead of creating a suffixed
                                  'alice-2'. Profiles that already bind a
                                  different email are still given a suffix to
                                  avoid clobbering. Only valid with --all-
                                  accounts.
  --profile-name TEXT             Write a targeted --account browser-cookie
                                  login to this named profile instead of the
                                  active profile. Only valid with --browser-
                                  cookies.
  --fresh                         Start with a clean browser session (deletes
                                  cached browser profile). Use to switch
                                  Google accounts.
  --include-domains TEXT          Opt in to extracting sibling-product cookies
                                  (default: required Google auth/Drive cookies
                                  only). Pass labels comma-separated or repeat
                                  the flag: --include-domains=youtube,docs OR
                                  --include-domains=youtube --include-
                                  domains=docs. Supported labels: youtube,
                                  docs, myaccount, mail, all.
  --help                          Show this message and exit.
